While I’m at it, mind if I drop some deep truths on you?
It’s against the law to smell your own armpits, maaaan.
If you wake up a sleeping person to give them a sleeping pill, you’re not helping, maaan.
Bad habits are always in the eye of the beholder, but, maaan, usually that beholder is RIGHT.
We’re all like snowflakes if you think about it. I mean, maaan, we’re all different but we all still melt in lava.
If you want to adopt a houseplant, maaan, make sure it’s housebroken.
Enough with the jellyfish, maaannn. Where are all the peanut butter fish?
I heard that space is full of dark matter and stuff, but, maaan, those stars make it pretty bright to me.
Whoa, maaannn, what if we’re all just characters in a video game?
If you try something new, it’s not new anymore, maaan.
I heard that pet birds get fed three times a day, but they have to live in a cage. Maaan, fair trade…
If you beat yourself up, that means you lost TO YOURSELF! Oh, maaan, I can’t even think about it.
Everything is made up, maaan. I mean, words? We just made those up. THINK ABOUT IT!
You know what the difference is between hard tacos and soft tacos? Maaan, it’s the CRUNCH
You see a guy talking, you think he’s the smart one, but maaan, that guy who’s just listening, he’s a GENIUS.
Sometimes know-it-all kids end up as know-nothing adults, maaaaan.
Love means accepting there will be times when you don’t get the last scallop, maaaan.
Love is one of those complicated things that only experts say they understand, and they’re always sad.
They tell you to sleep on a problem, maaaan. But what if your problem is INSOMNIA?!
If color is just light bouncing off of things into our eyes, maaan, what does the world really look like?
If you give a keepsake to someone else, does that make it a givesake? Maaaan, my brain is POPPING.
Never buy insurance from a river otter, maaannn. Just don’t trust ‘em.
Hoooooo haaaaaaa…
Courage, maaan. It always comes at the worst time.
Cheese can never be milk again, maaaaan.
Thermal underwear is sometimes called long johns, so, maaaan, how long was John really…?
If some peppers are hot and some are mild, then why is pepper always considered spicy, maaan?
What if video games are just a way for time travelers to tell us about the future, maaaan?
Camping, maaaan. Why not just hang out in your garage for a weekend?
Cheetahs are supposed to be so fast, but, maaaan, I’m pretty sure they aren’t playing by the rules.
You tell a kid there’s no hope, man, just wait and see how fast that kid tells you otherwise.
If might is supposed to make right, then what makes left, maaan?
You look like you’re about due for a sea change, maaannn.
If people will pay a penny for your thoughts, but you give them for two cents, someone’s getting ripped off.
Maaannn, jellyfish don’t taste anything like pudding. Like, don’t even try it.
Opinions are like birthdays, since everyone has them. But at least with birthdays you get free cake.
I’ve seen people excuse their dogs when they get into the garbage, but never their kids. What’s up there?
People say there are always other fish in the sea, but, maaan, there are giant squids in there too.
Maaan, a hat is just pants for your head. Doesn’t that scramble your melon? MIND BLOWN.
Otters are adorable. Maaan, you can’t dispute that. Don’t even try.
Enough with the jellyfish, maaannn. Where are all the peanut butter fish?
Did you ever notice how the moon follows you around? Maybe that’s because it’s yours, maaan.
If a baby goat is called a ‘kid’, why isn’t an older goat just called a ‘man’? Maaan, that’d make sense!
Why does furniture grow on trees? And who’s planting furniture trees? Maaaan, let that bake your noodle…
You ever been forced to play the tuba while blindfolded and falling from a helicopter? ‘Cause, maaan…
Stars in the sky are just explosions, but we assume a star shape always has five points. Why’s THAT?
Hey, hook an otter up with a scallop, would ya, man?
If a man is only as good as his word, maaan, what if his word is ‘bologna’ or something?
If you drop a hundred pennies on the ground, that’s a DOLLAR, maaaan.
I hear that honesty is the best policy, but I also hear that the best policy has low interest, maaan.
I don’t care if you’re really short. Maaan, everything looks short from really far away.
Why don’t they call heavy-metal music thallium maaan? That’s way shorter.
If you give a man a fish, he’ll eat for a day, but if you give an otter a fish, he’ll put it with his other fish.
Do oceans cover the earth, or is the earth covering part of the OCEAN?
If you’ve got two kidneys, maaan, why not two hearts? That would solve so many problems…
Friends are like seagulls, maaan. No, wait. That was just seagulls. I forget what friends are like.
If I had a million Bells, maaaan, I would LOVE that…
No one like vultures, even though they’re just the janitors of the bird world. Maaan, they need better PR.
What if sharks aren’t trying to hurt those guys in cages? Maaan, what if they’re just trying to free ‘em?
If a couple is two and three’s a few, then why isn’t several actually just seven? Maaan, mind boggled…
Otters are adorable. Maaan, you can’t dispute that. Don’t even try.
If you can get seasick, does that mean that the sea can get person sick? Maaaan, what if…?
If you follow your heart, maaan, you always end up finding clams.
Why are they called marshmallows? They’re neither marshy nor mellow, if you ask me. Maaaaan, crazy.
If a man is only as good as his word, maaan, what if his word is ‘bologna’ or something?
Maaan, folks who say they have no worries are just the folks who know how to ignore those same worries.
I went to the North Pole once, and, maaan, there’s no pole up there. Really wasted a trip on that…
Love means accepting there will be times when you don’t get the last scallop, maaaan.
Anyone who says ‘excellent question’ has an answer ready, maaaan.
You see a guy talking, you think he’s the smart one, but maaan, that guy who’s just listening, he’s a GENIUS.
They tell you to sleep on a problem, maaaan. But what if your problem is INSOMNIA?!
Weeds are just flowers that no one thinks are pretty. Maaan, that’s sort of depressing, isn’t it?
If you put off procrastinating to do some work, is that still you just procrastinating, maaan?
We otters hold hands when we sleep, maaaan. It’s just another one of our charms.
Eyes can see anything except for themselves, maaaaan. Well, unless you use a mirror, I suppose…
Who decided oranges have to be named after the color, but bananas aren’t just called ‘yellows’? Maaan…
Love is one of those complicated things that only experts say they understand, and they’re always sad.
Love is like a cookie: your world is great until it’s all gone, leaving your life all crummy.
Stars in the sky are just explosions, but we assume a star shape always has five points. Why’s THAT?
No one like vultures, even though they’re just the janitors of the bird world. Maaan, they need better PR.
If a baby goat is called a ‘kid’, why isn’t an older goat just called a ‘man’? Maaan, that’d make sense!
Revenge is a waste of time, maaaan. Just let it go.
Opinions are like birthdays, since everyone has them. But at least with birthdays you get free cake.
When you see a black cat at night, how do you know it’s not just part of the darkness, maaan?
Making someone cry is easy, but try making that same person laugh. Maaaan, that’s really DIFFICULT.
Don’t bottle up your feelings. It’s bad for you, maaan!
When someone fakes a smile, don’t get mad, maaannn. At least they’re trying.
If you cry yourself to sleep, maaan, does that mean that tears make you sleepy? Mind, blown.
Big words usually come from a small person, maaan.
I tried to bake a potato in a lava vent once, maaaaan. It didn’t work so well.
Cheese can never be milk again, maaaaan.
People are only heroes when someone else calls them that. Maaan, isn’t that NUTS?
Thermal underwear is sometimes called long johns, so, maaaan, how long was John really…?
If you put off procrastinating to do some work, is that still you just procrastinating, maaan?
Sometimes know-it-all kids end up as know-nothing adults, maaaaan.
Maaannn, jellyfish don’t taste anything like pudding. Like, don’t even try it.
Why is a pizza folded over called a calzone? Why isn’t it still called a pizza? What’s their agenda, maaan?
The truth is never free, maaaan. But sometimes it’s on sale.
If you can get seasick, does that mean that the sea can get person sick? Maaaan, what if…?
Everything is made up, maaan. I mean, words? We just made those up. THINK ABOUT IT!
